c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form2.resources
c:\users\narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Narada\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Narada\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Narada\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
C:\Users\Narada\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
C:\Users\Narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form7.resources
C:\Users\Narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form8.resources
C:\Users\Narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form10.resources
C:\Users\Narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form9.resources
C:\Users\Narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form11.resources
C:\Users\Narada\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form12.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form10.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form11.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form12.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form7.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form8.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form9.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Narada\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Burn\Burn\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Narada\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Narada\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.application
C:\Users\Narada\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Narada\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.application
